adding slice example 1 (#13)
boucadair/attachment-circuit-model: draft-boro-opsawg-teas-attachment-circuit.md

~~~~
{: #multiple-sites title="Example of a Message Body to of Creating Multiple ACs bound to Multiple CEs"}

> ### Configuration of attachment circuits to an IETF Network Slice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Binding Attachment Circuits to an IETF Network Slice
```

> This examples shows how the attachment circuit data model to complement [???REF IETF SLICE DM] to connect a site with a slice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how the AC service model complements {{?I-D.ietf-teas-ietf-network-slice-nbi-yang}} to connect a site to a slice service.
```

> Firstly, {{slice-vlan-1}} describes the end-to-end network topology as well the orchestration scopes for

Reviewer: I guess the sentence is incomplete

> - The topology is made up of two sites (site1 and site2), interconnected via a Transport Network (e.g. IP/MPLS Network). A Network Function is deployed within each site in a dedicated IP Subnet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- The topology is made up of two sites ('site1' and 'site2') that connected via a Transport Network (e.g., IP/MPLS Network). A Network Function (NF) instance is deployed within each site and is reachable with a dedicated IP subnet. 
```

- A 5G SMO is responsible for the deployment Network Functions and the indirect management of a local Gateway (i.e. CE device).
- An IETF Network Slice Controller is responsible for the deployment of IETF Network Slices accross the TN.

> Network Functions have been deployed within  

Reviewer: I guess the sentence is incomplete
